[CDF-21895] 🛤Feature flag, track commands. (#721)
cognitedata/toolkit: CHANGELOG.cdf-tk.md

## TBD

### Added

> - [Feature Preview] Option for enabling tracking of commands. This is to help the experience of using the toolkit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Feature Preview] Option for enabling tracking of commands. This is to help the team collect anonymised usage information to improve the Toolkit user experience
```
